Add Prettier (#1178)
espruino/BangleApps: README.md

[Graphics Class](https://banglejs.com/reference#Graphics)

## Code Formatting

BangleApps uses [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) for code formatting, with default settings.

You can use it [online](https://prettier.io/playground.html) or on your computer:

> 1. Install Prettier with `npm install prettier --global`.

Reviewer: I wouldn't use a globally installed prettier version, since this forces everyone to install exactly the same version.

Instead, I would add a particular version of prettier as `devDependency` to `package.json`

```json
  "devDependencies": {
    "prettier": "2.3.0"
  },
```

Then you can run `npm install` or `npm ci` to install a local copy of prettier.

Reviewer: npm scripts in `package.json` can then be used to invoke prettier.

```json
  "scripts": {
    "check-format": "prettier --check .",
    "fix-format": "prettier --write .",
  },
```

`npm run check-format`

`npm run fix-format`

Author: ```suggestion
1. Install Prettier and other dependencies with `npm install` while in BangleApps.
```
